Update details about Cache Control Headers (#34416)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next.config.js/headers.md

### Cache-Control

You can set the `Cache-Control` header in your [Next.js API Routes](/docs/api-routes/introduction.md) by using the `res.setHeader` method:

```js
// pages/api/user.js

export default function handler(req, res) {
  res.setHeader('Cache-Control', 's-maxage=86400')
  res.status(200).json({ name: 'John Doe' })
}
```

> You cannot use them in `next.config.js` file as these will be overwritten in production to ensure that static assets are cached effectively. If you need to revalidate the cache of a page that has been [statically generated](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/pages#static-generation-recommended), you can do so by setting the `revalidate` prop in the page's [`getStaticProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-props.md) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot set `Cache-Control` headers in `next.config.js` file as these will be overwritten in production to ensure that API Routes and static assets are cached effectively.

If you need to revalidate the cache of a page that has been [statically generated](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/pages#static-generation-recommended), you can do so by setting the `revalidate` prop in the page's [`getStaticProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-props.md) function.
```

### Cache-Control

You can set the `Cache-Control` header in your [Next.js API Routes](/docs/api-routes/introduction.md) by using the `res.setHeader` method:

```js
// pages/api/user.js

export default function handler(req, res) {
  res.setHeader('Cache-Control', 's-maxage=86400')
  res.status(200).json({ name: 'John Doe' })
}
```

You cannot set `Cache-Control` headers in `next.config.js` file as these will be overwritten in production to ensure that API Routes and static assets are cached effectively.

> If you need to revalidate the cache of a page that has been [statically generated](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/pages#static-generation-recommended), you can do so by setting the `revalidate` prop in the page's [`getStaticProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-props.md) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to revalidate the cache of a page that has been [statically generated](/docs/basic-features/pages.md#static-generation-recommended), you can do so by setting the `revalidate` prop in the page's [`getStaticProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-props.md) function.
```
